4.86.0 release article: Tweak/shorten language (#46551)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/fleet-4.86.0.md

GitHub issue: [#39016](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/39016)

### Automatic SCEP and ACME certificate renewal

Fleet automatically re-pushes configuration profiles containing SCEP or ACME certificates before they expire. This now includes certificates that aren't proxied through Fleet. This covers, for example, certificates deployed for [Okta conditional access](https://fleetdm.com/guides/okta-conditional-access-integration) (SCEP) and Okta Verify (SCEP with a static challenge). The renewal logic follows the [same pattern](https://fleetdm.com/guides/connect-end-user-to-wifi-with-certificate#renewal) already used for Fleet-proxied SCEP certificates. No Fleet configuration changes are required; just include the `$FLEET_VAR_CERTIFICATE_RENEWAL_ID` variable in the certificate profile's organizational unit (OU) and Fleet handles the rest.

GitHub issue: [#40639](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/issues/40639)

### iOS/iPadOS software for user-enrolled hosts

> Fleet now supports installing Apple App Store (VPP) and in-house (`.ipa`) apps on iOS and iPadOS hosts enrolled via Account-based User Enrollment with a Managed Apple Account. IT admins can install apps from the **Host details** page, and end users can install from self-service. Setup experience software also installs automatically on enrollment.

Author: ```suggestion
Fleet now supports installing Apple App Store (VPP) and in-house (`.ipa`) apps on iOS and iPadOS hosts enrolled via [Account-driven User Enrollment](https://support.apple.com/guide/deployment/account-driven-enrollment-methods-dep4d9e9cd26/web) with a Managed Apple Account. IT admins can install apps from the **Host details** page, and end users can install from self-service. Setup experience software also installs automatically on enrollment.
```
